docs/supported_cars.md, before:

# Supported cars

## Magnet
The magnet chassis is the standard Donkey build.  However in many cases it may not be available.  
![donkey](./assets/build_hardware/donkey2.PNG)

## HSP 94186
The HSP 94186 is a Magnet clone and will work.  Unfortunately it is only available on Taobao.

https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=a230r.1.14.1.478a6da8CUjrQQ&id=6004880592&ns=1&abbucket=12#detail


## Tamaya TT-01

![donkey](./assets/build_hardware/TT01.PNG)

The TT-01 is a new build that we expect to be a higher end version of the Donkey.  For first time builders we recommend the Magnet.  That said, it has some pros and cons that people should be aware of:
Pros:
* Better kinematics and traction on smooth surfaces - basically this means it will handle Better
* Larger build area for adding other sensors.  
* Globally available with several clones.

Cons:
* Usually comes as a kit - you will need to supply your own ESC, battery, servo, pinion gear and motor.
* Needs to run on a smooth surface like a driveway or parking lot.   
* Larger size requires a larger 3D printer to print chassis, otherwise purchase at the Donkeystore.
* More expensive

In addition to the standard donkey parts, Raspberry Pi etc, you will need to buy the following components.

| Part Description                                                                    | Link                                                                                  | Approximate Cost |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
|TT-01 Clone Chassis| [eBay](https://www.ebay.com/itm/Alloy-Carbon-TT01-TT01E-Shaft-Drive-1-10-4WD-Racing-Car-Chassis-Frame-Kit/261607459461?_trkparms=aid%3D555019%26algo%3DPL.BANDIT%26ao%3D1%26asc%3D20150817211623%26meid%3Da9b0995835f04dc2ae610bb9de46099b%26pid%3D100505%26rk%3D1%26rkt%3D1%26%26itm%3D261607459461&_trksid=p2045573.c100505.m3226) other TT01s may be used| $130|
|ESC|https://hobbyking.com/en_us/hobbyking-x-car-45a-brushed-car-esc.html |10.60|
|Brushed Motor |https://hobbyking.com/en_us/mabuchi-rs-540sh-6527-brushed-motor-90w.html |$5|
|Steering Servo|https://hobbyking.com/en_us/hobbykingtm-hk15138-standard-analog-servo-4-3kg-0-17sec-38g.html| $5|
|Battery |https://hobbyking.com/en_us/turnigy-5000mah-2s1p-20c-hardcase-pack-roar-approved-de-warehouse.html or similar 2S 5000 mAh battery| $21|
|Pinion Gear| https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001BHGIBG/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1|$7|
|TT01 Plastics | Thingiverse: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2805287 or Donkeystore: https://squareup.com/store/donkeycar | $50|

Note: purchasing from Hobbyking is tricky.  They can ship from multiple warehouses and it can be expensive and time consuming if shipping from one overseas.  You may need to buy an alternate component if one of the items above are not available in your local warehouse.

Commit message:

Add a document that talks about how to choose or adopt other cars, (#222)
and what to look for in cars you want to use.

Also add a link to said document.

docs/supported_cars.md, after:

# Supported cars

## If You Want to Roll Your Own
It's totally possible to diverge from the main Donkey build, and still have a car that 
drives well and is fun to work with. We've seen a large variety of cars in the various 
Donkey competitions around the world.

However, when you want to diverge, there are several things you need to know, or you 
will not be successful. There are many cost and quality trade-offs where the lower 
cost options simply won't work. We've already worked hard to find the cheapest 
available options that will work, so you should not expect to choose other options to 
save money. Rolling your own is more about learning, experimentation, and going to new 
and uncharged places.

To find out more about what you need, see [roll_your_own](roll_your_own.md).

## Magnet
The magnet chassis is the standard Donkey build.  However in many cases it may not be available.  
![donkey](./assets/build_hardware/donkey2.PNG)

## HSP 94186
The HSP 94186 is a Magnet clone and will work.  Unfortunately it is only available on Taobao.

https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=a230r.1.14.1.478a6da8CUjrQQ&id=6004880592&ns=1&abbucket=12#detail


## Tamaya TT-01

![donkey](./assets/build_hardware/TT01.PNG)

The TT-01 is a new build that we expect to be a higher end version of the Donkey.  For first time builders we recommend the Magnet.  That said, it has some pros and cons that people should be aware of:
Pros:
* Better kinematics and traction on smooth surfaces - basically this means it will handle Better
* Larger build area for adding other sensors.  
* Globally available with several clones.

Cons:
* Usually comes as a kit - you will need to supply your own ESC, battery, servo, pinion gear and motor.
* Needs to run on a smooth surface like a driveway or parking lot.   
* Larger size requires a larger 3D printer to print chassis, otherwise purchase at the Donkeystore.
* More expensive

In addition to the standard donkey parts, Raspberry Pi etc, you will need to buy the following components.

| Part Description                                                                    | Link                                                                                  | Approximate Cost |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
|TT-01 Clone Chassis| [eBay](https://www.ebay.com/itm/Alloy-Carbon-TT01-TT01E-Shaft-Drive-1-10-4WD-Racing-Car-Chassis-Frame-Kit/261607459461?_trkparms=aid%3D555019%26algo%3DPL.BANDIT%26ao%3D1%26asc%3D20150817211623%26meid%3Da9b0995835f04dc2ae610bb9de46099b%26pid%3D100505%26rk%3D1%26rkt%3D1%26%26itm%3D261607459461&_trksid=p2045573.c100505.m3226) other TT01s may be used| $130|
|ESC|https://hobbyking.com/en_us/hobbyking-x-car-45a-brushed-car-esc.html |10.60|
|Brushed Motor |https://hobbyking.com/en_us/mabuchi-rs-540sh-6527-brushed-motor-90w.html |$5|
|Steering Servo|https://hobbyking.com/en_us/hobbykingtm-hk15138-standard-analog-servo-4-3kg-0-17sec-38g.html| $5|
|Battery |https://hobbyking.com/en_us/turnigy-5000mah-2s1p-20c-hardcase-pack-roar-approved-de-warehouse.html or similar 2S 5000 mAh battery| $21|
|Pinion Gear| https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001BHGIBG/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1|$7|
|TT01 Plastics | Thingiverse: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2805287 or Donkeystore: https://squareup.com/store/donkeycar | $50|

Note: purchasing from Hobbyking is tricky.  They can ship from multiple warehouses and it can be expensive and time consuming if shipping from one overseas.  You may need to buy an alternate component if one of the items above are not available in your local warehouse.
